Hello,
guys.
I'm welcome back now.
In the last lecture we looked at manipulating the range dot value on we could say range be
one dot value equals range.
A $1 value on that would copy the value from a one to be one.
But there's also this method and again,
this particular little block of code.
All these blocks of code are available in the download sections called Mod copy and Paste.
I'm just Kentucky through a couple of them quickly.
Now,
here we have a simple copy and paste on the format looks like this.
The sin taxes range a one doc copy space,
and then you can immediately say what you want,
the destination to bay.
So here we can say range a one dot copy.
Let's just paste it into here and we can see what that code does.
So we're just gonna hit F eight step through,
so range a one dot copy space on the destinations can be ranged.
Be one so they go.
You can see the B one.
No say's exactly what a one say's now that performs exactly the same function there that we
did with manipulating the dot value But here's the thing.
If we change this and we formatted the cells on,
let's say we have it in Let's have read Let's say it's bold and let's say it's 14.
It's OK.
They go.
Someday we have range.
A one says hello in red in 14 m Bold.
Now look what happens when we execute that code.
It pulls over all the formatting,
not just the value but the formatting to.
So if you want to preserve the format in using the copy and paste is a really good way of
doing that.
Now again,
what we can do is we can we can do this between worksheet.
So if we took this code and again,
I encourage you to play with all of these,
Let me just pace that over there on pace.
You can see that we have worksheets.
She won range a one dot copy space and we're gonna be pasting to work sheets.
She to range a one.
So she twos just here.
You can see that we have nothing in a one,
but let's come back and go Bump,
bump,
bump and hit f eight.
Then when we flipped a sheet to they go that's copied from sheet one range a one?
No,
I encourage you to have a play around with all of these and see exactly what they do so you
can do it from this one sheet to the same sheet.
You can use it from one sheet to a different sheet,
and you can also do it between workbooks on all of these copy paste in the simple format.
Preserve the formatting,
and there's also these here where you can use the special so you could just copy the
formats if you wanted to,
rather than the values as well.
So have a play around with those there's always If there's any questions,
just let me know.
I'll see you in the next lecture.